docs(storageclass-faq): added notes on btrfs in storageclass doc (#182)
openebs/mayastor-docs: reference/storage-class-parameters.md

## "fsType"

> 

Reviewer: Was the newline intentional?

Author: yes

File system that will be used when mounting the volume. 

> The supported file systems are **ext4**, **xfs** and **btrfs** and the default file system when not specified is **ext4**. We recommend to use **xfs** that is considered to be more advanced and performant. Though make sure that XFS is installed on all nodes in the cluster before using it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supported file systems are **ext4**, **xfs** and **btrfs** and the default file system when not specified is **ext4**. We recommend to use **xfs** that is considered to be more advanced and performant. 
Please ensure the requested filesystem driver is installed on all worker nodes in the cluster before using it.
```

- When set to `true`, the created clone/restore's filesystem `uuid` will be set to the restore volume's `uuid`. This is important because some file systems, like XFS, do not allow duplicate filesystem `uuid` on the same machine by default.
- When set to `false`, the created clone/restore's filesystem `uuid` will be same as the orignal volume `uuid`, but it will be mounted using the `nouuid` flag to bypass duplicate `uuid` validation.

{% hint style="note" %}

> This option needs to be set to true for `btrfs` filesystem, if the application consuming restored volume is to scheduled on the same node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option needs to be set to true when using a `btrfs` filesystem, if the application using the restored volume is scheduled on the same node where  the the original volume is mounted, concurrently.
```
